com/example/music/databinding/LayoutPlaylistBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.LayoutPlaylistBinding
com/example/music/widget/PressFrameLayout.java
 com.example.music.widget.PressFrameLayout
com/example/music/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.music.BuildConfig
com/example/music/databinding/DialogTextInfoBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.DialogTextInfoBinding
com/example/music/util/cache/ACache.java
 com.example.music.util.cache.ACache
 com.example.music.util.cache.ACache$1
 com.example.music.util.cache.ACache$ACacheManager
 com.example.music.util.cache.ACache$ACacheManager$1
 com.example.music.util.cache.ACache$Utils
com/example/music/databinding/ActivitySplashBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.ActivitySplashBinding
com/example/music/databinding/ActivityUserBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.ActivityUserBinding
com/example/music/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/music/databinding/ActivityWebBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.ActivityWebBinding
com/example/music/databinding/DialogPlayMoreBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.DialogPlayMoreBinding
com/example/music/databinding/ActivityFeedbackBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.ActivityFeedbackBinding
com/example/music/databinding/ActivityLocalMusicBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.ActivityLocalMusicBinding
com/example/music/databinding/IncludeSearchSuggestBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.IncludeSearchSuggestBinding
com/example/music/databinding/LayoutCommentBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.LayoutCommentBinding
com/example/music/databinding/ActivityLoginByPhoneBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.ActivityLoginByPhoneBinding
com/example/music/databinding/LayoutOpenSourceItemBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.LayoutOpenSourceItemBinding
com/example/music/databinding/ActivityPlayHistoryBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.ActivityPlayHistoryBinding
com/example/music/databinding/ActivitySearchBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.ActivitySearchBinding
com/example/music/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/music/databinding/ActivitySettingsBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.ActivitySettingsBinding
com/example/music/databinding/FragmentMyBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.FragmentMyBinding
com/example/music/databinding/ActivityCommentBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.ActivityCommentBinding
com/example/music/databinding/LayoutDetailPlaylistBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.LayoutDetailPlaylistBinding
com/example/music/room/MyFavoriteMusic_Impl.java
 com.example.music.room.MyFavoriteMusic_Impl
 com.example.music.room.MyFavoriteMusic_Impl$1
 com.example.music.room.MyFavoriteMusic_Impl$2
 com.example.music.room.MyFavoriteMusic_Impl$3
 com.example.music.room.MyFavoriteMusic_Impl$4
com/example/music/databinding/ActivityAboutBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.ActivityAboutBinding
com/example/music/databinding/DialogSoundEffectBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.DialogSoundEffectBinding
com/example/music/databinding/LayoutPlaylistDialogBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.LayoutPlaylistDialogBinding
com/example/music/databinding/ActivityPrivateLetterBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.ActivityPrivateLetterBinding
com/example/music/databinding/ActivityPlayerLandBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.ActivityPlayerLandBinding
com/example/music/widget/TouchArea.java
 com.example.music.widget.TouchArea
com/example/music/databinding/ActivityArtistBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.ActivityArtistBinding
com/example/music/databinding/DialogCreateLocalPlaylistBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.DialogCreateLocalPlaylistBinding
com/example/music/databinding/DialogSongInfoBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.DialogSongInfoBinding
com/example/music/databinding/ExampleTitlebarLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.ExampleTitlebarLayoutBinding
com/example/music/databinding/DialogSongMenuBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.DialogSongMenuBinding
com/example/music/databinding/RecycleViewPlaylistRecommendBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.RecycleViewPlaylistRecommendBinding
com/example/music/databinding/ExampleValueViewLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.ExampleValueViewLayoutBinding
com/example/music/databinding/DialogPlayListBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.DialogPlayListBinding
com/example/music/databinding/RecycleItemPrivateLetterBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.RecycleItemPrivateLetterBinding
com/example/music/databinding/RecycleItemSearchHotBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.RecycleItemSearchHotBinding
com/example/music/room/AppDatabase_Impl.java
 com.example.music.room.AppDatabase_Impl
 com.example.music.room.AppDatabase_Impl$1
com/example/music/databinding/ExampleItemLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.ExampleItemLayoutBinding
com/example/music/databinding/ActivityPlaylistBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.ActivityPlaylistBinding
com/example/music/databinding/LayoutPlayBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.LayoutPlayBinding
com/example/music/databinding/RecycleItemSongBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.RecycleItemSongBinding
com/example/music/databinding/ExampleBannerLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.ExampleBannerLayoutBinding
com/example/music/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/music/databinding/ActivityLoginByUidBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.ActivityLoginByUidBinding
com/example/music/databinding/MenuMainBinding.java
 com.example.music.databinding.MenuMainBinding
